c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.xr.xml
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.exe
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.pdb
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App1.exe
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App1.pdb
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\cameron\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\bin\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.xr.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.exe
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.pdb
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\bin\Debug\App1.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App1.exe
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\App1.pdb
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\temp\App1\App1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\App1.xr.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\App1.exe
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\App1.pdb
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\App1.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\PopUpUserControl.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App1.exe
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App1.pdb
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\App1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\bin\Debug\ChatRooms.xbf
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\ChatRooms.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\ChatRooms.g.cs
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\ChatRooms.xaml
C:\Users\Cameron\Documents\GitHub\SeaFoam\SeaFoamClient-Windows\App1\obj\Debug\ChatRooms.xbf
